Amazon MQ throughput-optimized message brokers (#11459)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/mq_broker.html.markdown

## Example Usage

> ### Broker with EFS storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic Example
```

}
```

> ### Broker with EBS storage (high throughput optimized only on ActiveMQ engine type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### High-throughput Optimized Example

This example shows the use of EBS storage for high-throughput optimized performance. Currently, this only works with `ActiveMQ`.
```

* `maintenance_window_start_time` - (Optional) Configuration block for the maintenance window start time. Detailed below.
* `publicly_accessible` - (Optional) Whether to enable connections from applications outside of the VPC that hosts the broker's subnets.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) List of security group IDs assigned to the broker.

> * `storage_type` - (Optional) Storage type of the broker. For `engine_type` `ActiveMQ`, the valid values are `efs` and `ebs`. When `ebs` storage type is defined, only the `mq.m5` broker instance type family is supported. For `engine_type` `RabbitMQ`, only `EBS` is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_type` - (Optional) Storage type of the broker. For `engine_type` `ActiveMQ`, the valid values are `efs` and `ebs`. When using `ebs`, only the `mq.m5` broker instance type family is supported. For `engine_type` `RabbitMQ`, only `ebs` is supported. The AWS-default is `ebs`.
```
